Welcome to week two of our
course on customer analytics.
I hope from week one all those
discussions that you heard talking about,
get a good sense of the kinds of data and
data structures that companies will often
have the kinds of information that
customers leave about themselves,
their interactions with each other,
their interactions with the firm.
We're gonna start talking about
what you do with all of that data.
So it's one thing to
have all that rich data,
it's a nice thing to be able
to just to summarize it,
to take some snapshots of it, to
calculate some simple summary statistics.
Well, we want to talk about
going to that next step.
We want to talk about
predictive analytics.
So, how do you take that data and
make statements about activities
that haven't happened yet?
And there's all kinds of predictions
that we might want to make.
So, we might want to predict which of
these customers is gonna buy next.
We might want to predict how many
purchases are they gonna make?
We might want to predict things
about customer churn, so
how many of our customers
will stay with us.
So there's lots and lots of different
kinds of things that we can predict,
and there's lots and lots of tools that
we can use to make those predictions.
First thing that I want to do is to
try to give you a broad framework for
some of those kinds of tools.
I basically want to break them up into
two different kinds of buckets so
you have a better appreciation,
because sometimes it gets really confusing
when people start throwing a lot
of these technical names at you,
it's not clear exactly which tool you're
using for which decision purpose.
So, I wanted to try to lay that out.
And then we're gonna bring Weingard
back in to talk about one of those
sets of tools in some detail, then I'll
pick up to talk about the other set.
And really it's not to talk
about the tools, per se,
this is to kind of give you the language,
the framework,
the understanding of which kinds of tools,
which techniques you're gonna use when.
So if you're looking for all the technical
stuff, you're in the wrong place.
But if you want to have an understanding
of just which tools you're gonna pull out
of that kit and use for
which kinds of decisions and
which kinds of contexts,
you're absolutely in the right place.